[IMP] Helpdesk: merge tickets (#10039)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk.rst

   <https://iap-services.odoo.com/iap/sms/pricing>`_ for additional information.

To select an existing email template, select it from the :guilabel:`Email Template` field. Click on

> the :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(right arrow)` icon to the right of the field to edit the

Reviewer: I know we have gone back and forth about this, but since the cog below is called "Actions", since that's what we see, you could make this "Internal Link" since that is what shows when you mouse over (just like the cog).  I think both would be fine.

Author: I talked to Sam about this and unless there is a specific aria label that gives the icon a different name (like the Actions icon) it is best to stick with the dev name, at least for now.

View a specific team's pipeline by navigating to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app`, and clicking the
team's Kanban card.

> Select a stage to fold temporarily, then click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Actions` icon, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a stage to fold temporarily, then click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Settings` icon, and
```
When I mouse over the cog on the stage it says 'Settings' instead

> Select a stage to fold temporarily, then click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Settings` icon, and

Reviewer 2: icon name, there is no "Settings" UI text :)
```suggestion
Select a stage to fold temporarily, then click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon, and
```

   Manually folding a stage from the Kanban view is temporary and does **not** close the tickets in
   the stage.

Merge tickets
=============

If duplicate tickets are found in *Helpdesk*, they can be combined into a single ticket using the
*merge* feature.

.. important::
   The *merge* feature is **only** accessible if the :doc:`Data Cleaning
   <../productivity/data_cleaning>` application is installed on the database.

> To merge two or more tickets, navigate to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> All Tickets`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To merge two (or more) tickets, navigate to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Tickets --> All Tickets`.
```

> Identify the tickets to be merged and tick the checkbox at the far left of each ticket to select

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Identify the tickets to be merged, and tick the checkbox at the far-left of each ticket to select
```

> Identify the tickets to be merged and tick the checkbox at the far left of each ticket. Then, click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the tickets to be merged and tick the checkbox at the far left of each ticket to select them. Then, click
```

> the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Actions` icon, and select :guilabel:`Merge` from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Actions` button, and select :guilabel:`Merge` from the drop-down menu.
```

> Doing so opens a new page where the selected tickets are listed with their :guilabel:`Similarity`
> rating. From here, tickets can be :ref:`merged <data_cleaning/merge-records>` or
> :guilabel:`Discarded`, as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so opens a new page where the selected tickets are listed with their :guilabel:`Similarity`
rating. From here, click either :ref:`Merge <data_cleaning/merge-records>` to combine the tickets, or
:guilabel:`DISCARD`.
```

Only suggesting this so you can have the GUI's with the text as it appears on the screen.

> 

Reviewer: Just a suggestion- I noticed there's a 'Differences' field you can make visible on the list. Might be nice to mention so they can take a look at the differences to see if they really want to combine them or not.

Author: I didn't want to duplicate the information from the data cleaning doc, so I didn't want to go too far into that information, this was just to add the fact that the feature is accessible from helpdesk.
